https://old.reddit.com/r/WhitePeopleTwitter/comments/1q13bq4/shes_a_grifter/nx2op8a/

Front page of Reddit posting. Twitter screen shots, Elon Musk Twitter content on Reddit. Simulacra of "resisting" the promotion of Charlie Kirk and Erika.

Reddit audience is deeply attracted to the Bible mocking leadership that Turning Point Faith provides. Mocking Reddit audience follows Twitter mocking leadership signals, MAGA mocking leadership, Turning Point mocking leadership. It is all a pattern of following signals of mocking and dehumanization.

There is no demonstration on Reddit of self-awareness of being lead by the nose / leash lead, by Elon Musk Twitter media systems. All signs and behaviors indicate a mob mentality of thinking they have out-smarted the out-groups ( Twitter, Turning Point, Internet Research Agency seeding since March 2013 }... no invocation of { Media Ecology, Neil Postman, Marshall McLuhan }. Despite the long-established Time Magazine just months ago re-asserting Neil Postman's 1985 media ecology about addict self-awareness (Reddit high sped electric media audience). September 10, 2025: https://time.com/7313999/neil-postman-trump-prediction/ only 113 days ago! The "Mass Man" (group think, term from University of Toronto's Marshall McLuhan) keeps jumping from mockery leading signal to the next signal without any self-awareness of compulsive following. Tree after tree can't recognize the forest patterns of being lead by Putin's Kremlin since March 2013 into total *friendly-fire* of Americans mocking Americans in feedback loops.

Note the Reddit account bio for this end-user. They claim to be against MAGA values, yet still fall right into the [5,000 simulacra patterns originating in November 2012](../Cambridge_Analytica_Quotes.md#november-12-2016). Americans mocking Americans, not calling for Bible literacy reforming (non-believer isn't relevant, believer isn't relevant, literacy of "1 John 3:17" and verse "1 John 4:20" intelligent reading is the concern). Not calling for Jen Senko's 2015 / 2016 nonfiction film to address Fox News and Newsmax addictions. Not calling for organized rally points and prioritizing forest-level changes.

Instead, it is bark at Americans, bark within the simulacra systems as conditioned by Putin. Tree after tree, simulation of Twitter message after Twitter message in the Reddit audience. Following the hive mind flocking, not standing up for change towards goodness, following right into MAGA values / Putinism media ecology mindsets.

https://old.reddit.com/r/clevercomebacks/comments/1q16708/is_he_comparing_himself_to_joe/nx3fm14/

Front page of Reddit posting of Twitter content. People flock to it on New Years Day to do the lowest-effort conditioned reaction to the Surkov student Kremlin media methods. December 31, 2014 New Years Eve described what we are experiencing now in USA January 1, 2026 New Years Day... Kremlin Russian methods. Surkov won. https://www.realclearpolitics.com/video/2014/12/31/bbcs_adam_curtis_on_the_contradictory_vaudeville_of_post-modern_politics.html

https://old.reddit.com/r/therewasanattempt/comments/1q1clj4/to_not_admit_to_human_trafficking/nx4mcyn/

This whole posting is simulacra of resistance. Comments like this think they are out-smarting the name-calling of [Trump "low I.Q." "horce-face" (non-person) and other dog-whistle dehumanization](https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/trumps-long-history-calling-women-crazy-attacking-appearances/story?id=48348956)... but they have all *adopted* it. It's the most powerful system of control. Surkov student techniques have defeated the nation. All people are truly deeply concerned about is their attraction to insulting and mocking. They have no desire to end the mocking because it is the stimulation that Putin has fed the nation since March 2013 and they find it thrilling. It's constantly exhausting translating all the nicknames and in-jokes and morphing Trump-speak MAGA-speak that Reddit society flocks to.

September 16, 2020 described it https://www.theatlantic.com/culture/archive/2020/09/fox-news-trump-language-stelter-hoax/616309/ - but **it's really been going on much much longer than year 2020 article in The Atlantic describes. It really all changed on Reddit in 2014**, I telephoned the Pentagon in summer of 2015 to report the hive mind behaviors the IRA had conditioned. Monday August 17, 2015 (Biden/Obama) is when I reported the total mockery behaviors and deflection of nonfiction on Reddit "Mass Man" (University of Toronto Marshall McLuhan terminology): https://old.reddit.com/r/QAnonRussia/comments/p16nkm/i_reported_it_in_2015_under_bidenobama_at_the/
