https://old.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/1r64kub/french_mp_%C3%A9ric_bothorel_sanctioned_by_the_united/o5nl0qa/

The low-effort commenting to normalize it. AMUSEMENT_AS_USUAL

https://old.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/1r64kub/french_mp_%C3%A9ric_bothorel_sanctioned_by_the_united/o5o0iig/

DENIAL_ABOUNDS. Tiny-short shit-commenting on Reddit. Shit-posting nation. People who adore Twitter-length Tweet-thinking mindsets of shit-commenting. The problem is We The People are attracted to this very kind of Twitter commenting. July 6, 2011 when Trump jumped on the shit-commenting https://theoutline.com/post/2445/trump-s-first-real-tweet-was-on-july-6-2011 at 140 characters and made it an entire way of running a nation. The problem is the audience, the problem is Reddit. Reddit is a fandom of shit-posting shit-leadership Trumpism. Anti-intellectual Reddit community.

"has one toddler with nukes (Putin)" - Trump is not a toddler. But this Reddit comment is baby-talk. Trump is nearly 80 years old, is not a toddler. Donald Trump is a media star, an experienced media practtiioner. Trump knows that shit-posting and shit-commenting is what wins debates. Trump knows that antics and behaving wild and crazy gets him instant front-page coverage on Reddit. Reddit fandom to shit can not resist Trump as a shit-lord. People on Reddit CHOOSE to watch Trump every hour of every day to make their shit-comments about how dumb and stupid Trump is. The audience on Reddit is the dumb-shits. **TRUMP IS NOT A TODDLER, ADULTS IN USA GET ADULT EDUCATION FROM SHIT SOURCES**.

* "In the Huxleyan prophecy, Big Brother does not watch us, by his choice. We watch him, by ours. There is no need for wardens or gates or Ministries of Truth. When a population becomes distracted by trivia, when **cultural life is redefined as a perpetual round of entertainments, when serious public conversation becomes a form of baby-talk, when, in short, a people become an audience and their public business a vaudeville act**, then a nation finds itself at risk; culture-death is a clear possibility.
In America, Orwell’s prophecies are of small relevance, but Huxley’s are well under way toward being realized. For America is engaged in the world’s most ambitious experiment to accommodate itself to the **technological distractions made possible by the electric plug**. This is an experiment that began slowly and modestly in the mid-nineteenth century and has now, in the latter half of the twentieth, reached a perverse maturity in America’s consuming love-affair with television. As nowhere else in the world, Americans have moved far and fast in bringing to a close the age of the slow-moving printed word, and have granted to television sovereignty over all of their institutions. By ushering in the Age of Television, America has given the world the clearest available glimpse of the Huxleyan future." ― Neil Postman, Amusing Ourselves to Death: Public Discourse in the Age of Show Business. year 1985.
