https://old.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/1re34sb/james_talarico_the_billionaires_are_waging_class/o79sm5h/

Technology billionaires knew what was happening. Year 2011, year 2012, the rural population getting personal computers and using them regularly (Apple iPhone year 2007, Apple iPad, Android, mobile networks 4G LTE networks. SEE_ALSO year 2011 topics https://GitHub.com/RocketDerp/April14_2025/blob/main/A00/About/Why_Highlight_Circle_Year_2011_onward.md

https://old.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/1re34sb/james_talarico_the_billionaires_are_waging_class/o79tcn6/

"i will never be able to wrap my head around", "it boggles the mind. and now we have people supporting a billionaire president who have deluded themselves into thinking", " we keep fighting each other over absolutely irrelevant nonsense"

COMPREHENDING_UNDERSTANDING - we have taken free thinking and mythology science fiction understanding for granted. We keep thinking religion conflicts (sconce fiction vs. science fiction, Quran vs. Bible of 9/11, September 11 2001) are behind us. Torah science fiction vs. Quran science fiction fandoms of October 7, 2023 Palestine. We keep ignoring the cult behaviors of science fictions storytelling, Fox News televangelism fiction. Donald Trump does what no other President in USA history does so well: Charming fiction storytelling. Trump creates wild storytelling that USA media consumers flock to, like flies to smelly shit. The abandonment of free-thinking science in favor of fiction storytelling that Trump creates playing the POTUS Tony Clifton fiction character and Surkov student fiction screenplays. Americans eat it up. For all their faults, one thing the Founding Fathers of the USA had was free thinking. FREE_MASONS_FREE_THINKING_SELF_AWARENESS

* "Finding the occasional straw of truth awash in a great ocean of confusion and bamboozle requires vigilance, dedication and courage. But if we don’t practice these tough habits of thought, **we cannot hope to solve the truly serious problems that face us and we risk becoming a nation of suckers**" ― Carl Sagan, The Demon-Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark, 1995, page 38

https://old.reddit.com/r/therewasanattempt/comments/1reac0l/to_say_you_were_in_texas/o7b3u4r/

TRUMP_FANDOM Reddit commenting community. A photograph of Donald Trump gets upvoted to the front-page of /r/All Reddit constantly all the time, over and over, images of Reality TV celebrity Donald Trump to the cult media venue Reddit app. CLICKBAIT_TITLE with non-specific generic teasing of content that gets you to see the photograph of Donald Trump because the title on Reddit community is manipulation. 

This entire posting is a gullible Reddit fandom of Trump. Consumers of "The Apprentice" Reality TV who can't grasp this is part of the POTUS Tony Clifton character and Surkov student screenplays! WHITE_HOUSE_REALITY_WARFARE_FICTION_AVOIDING_NONFICTION_ON_WARFARE - this is organized information warfare since March of year 2013, and Reddit users in February 2026 still eat it up without being able to **cite serious nonfiction** on the subject! It is not enough to just call out one tree, bark at one tree, and not recognize (self-awareness) Reddit is living in a forest! The inability to cite common **on the same page** nonfiction books on paper is the crisis! This is Putin-Trump power! 

1. From September 9, 2014 which is 11 years 5 months and some 2 weeks ago, which is **more than a decade** - we could have kept repeating it and defeated Putin's capure of USA hearts and minds: https://www.TheAtlantic.com/international/archive/2014/09/russia-putin-revolutionizing-information-warfare/379880/ "Russia and the Menace of Unreality: How Vladimir Putin is revolutionizing information warfare. By Peter Pomerantsev. At the NATO summit in Wales last week, General Philip Breedlove, the military alliance’s top commander, made a bold declaration. Russia, he said, is waging “the **most amazing information warfare blitzkrieg we have ever seen in the history of information warfare.**” It was something of an underestimation. The new Russia doesn’t just deal in the petty disinformation, forgeries, lies, leaks, and cyber-sabotage usually associated with information warfare. **It reinvents reality, creating mass hallucinations** that then translate into political action."

2. [“The truth is, it’s getting harder to describe the extent to which a meaningful percentage of **Americans have dissociated from reality**,” Charlie Warzel wrote “I’m **Running Out of Ways to Explain** How Bad This Is.”](https://www.axios.com/2024/10/19/musk-ackman-election-misinformation) - October 19, 2024 - America’s gullibility crisis, Zachary Basu

https://old.reddit.com/r/SipsTea/comments/1rec1ed/this_is_so_damnn_true/o7bg19w/

7-day Reddit account. TOP upvoted most popular comment. Posting title is generic clickbait. CLICKBAIT_TITLE REDDIT_TOP_COMMENT_YOUNG_ACCOUNT Asking simple "engaging" social media technique questions. PROMOTING_IGNORANCE_WORKS_PLAYING_DUMB_MOCKING There are FAR MORE IMPORTANT NONFICTION topics to be promoting on social media, such as: Jen Senko nonfiction, Dr. Bandy X Lee nonfiction, Neil Postman nonfiction! PUT AN END TO TRUMPISM, **please stop** LIVING in the toxic ocean of Trump junk mindsets!

ANSWER: The addiction to commenting about politicians on media systems, celebrity fandom, is what is driving society now. What exactly do people believe Donald Trump's talent and gift to be? I see a Reality TV star, a media influencer, and a nation of media cults. Do people think he is a good business man? I think he has a charming personality that charms the pants off men, charms women into supporting nasty aggressive men (like Epstein, Elon Musk), charms money out of people, charms power out of people. A media personality, an actor who is acting a Tony Clifton performance with Surkov student boosted screenplays... TRUMP_CHARMING_ACTOR_ACTING 
