# Dr. Bandy X Lee: *Denial*

“The human brain can protect us from seeing and feeling what it believes may be too uncomfortable for us to tolerate. It can lead us to deny, defend, minimize, or rationalize away something that doesn’t fit our worldview.”
― Dr. Bandy X Lee, The Dangerous Case of Donald Trump: [27 Psychiatrists and Mental Health Experts Assess a President. Published **October 3, 2017**. Page 273. Chapter "TRUMP'S DADDY ISSUES"](https://books.google.com/books?id=g0c4DwAAQBAJ&pg=PA273&dq=%E2%80%9CThe+human+brain+can+protect+us+from+seeing+and+feeling+what+it+believes+may+be+too+uncomfortable%22&hl=en&newbks=1&newbks_redir=1&sa=X)

“Assessing dangerousness is different from making a diagnosis: it is dependent on the situation, not the person. Signs of likely dangerousness due to mental disorder can become apparent without a full diagnostic interview and can be detected from a distance, and one is expected to err, if at all, on the side of safety when the risk of inaction is too great.”
― Bandy X. Lee, The Dangerous Case of Donald Trump: [27 Psychiatrists and Mental Health Experts Assess a President. Published October 3, 2017. PROLOGUE. Page 5.](https://books.google.com/books?id=g0c4DwAAQBAJ&pg=PA5&dq=dangerousness+due+to+mental+disorder+can+become+apparent+without+a+full+diagnostic+interview+and+can+be+detected+from+a+distance&hl=en&newbks=1&newbks_redir=1&sa=X)

"the public trust is also violated if the profession fails in its duty to alert the public when a person who holds the power of life and death over us all shows signs of clear, dangerous mental impairment. We should pause if professionals are asked to remain silent when they have seen enough evidence to sound an alarm in every other situation. When it comes to dangerousness, should not the president of a democracy, as First Citizen, be subject to the same standards of practice as the rest of the citizenry?"
― Bandy X. Lee, The Dangerous Case of Donald Trump: [27 Psychiatrists and Mental Health Experts Assess a President. Published October 3, 2017. PROLOGUE. Page 5.](https://books.google.com/books?id=g0c4DwAAQBAJ&pg=PA5&dq=dangerousness+due+to+mental+disorder+can+become+apparent+without+a+full+diagnostic+interview+and+can+be+detected+from+a+distance&hl=en&newbks=1&newbks_redir=1&sa=X)
