
After this video was aired, a significant number of Republican senators, representatives, governors, political appointees, and others stated publicly that they would not endorse Trump for office. Lisa Murkowski, Republican senator from Alaska, stated, “The video that surfaced yesterday further revealed his true character,” she said. “He not only objectified women, he bragged about preying upon them. I cannot and will not support Donald Trump for President—he has forfeited the right to be our party’s nominee. He must step aside” (2016). Brian Sandoval, Republican governor from Nevada, declared, “This video exposed not just words, but now an established pattern, which I find to be repulsive and unacceptable for a candidate for President of the United States” (Graham 2016). While senators and representatives have a more complicated relationship to Trump as president, governors and political appointees are more removed from him politically and warrant closer inspection. Of note, with less to lose politically, both these groups had a higher percentage of members state that they would not endorse Trump. Of the fifteen Republican governors who went on record, 53 percent stated that they would not endorse the nominee for president. Two of the seven who said they would endorse him now have jobs in his administration, as vice president and United Nations ambassador. Of the twenty-three Republican political appointees who made statements on record, an astounding 87 percent of them said they would not endorse or vote for Trump. Only three said they would (Graham 2016). Therapists of mental health across the country report having to expand their practices to include what is being called “election trauma.” “What I’m seeing with my clients, particularly with women who experienced sexual abuse when younger, is that they are being re-wounded, re-traumatized,” said Atlanta licensed professional counselor Susan Blank. “They can’t escape it. It’s all around them, written large on the national stage” (LaMotte 2016).

Among the many truly disturbing behaviors of this man now serving as the leader of the free world is his relationship to his daughter Ivanka. What follows are some of the more unsettling things Trump has said about her while knowingly being recorded:

• “You know who’s one of the great beauties of the world, according to everybody? And I helped create her. Ivanka. My daughter Ivanka. She’s 6 feet tall, she’s got the best body” (King 2016).

• During an interview with Howard Stern when Ivanka was twenty-two years old (Cohen 2016): “I’ve said that, if Ivanka weren’t my daughter, perhaps I’d be dating her” (“Donald Trump Nearly Casually Remarks…” 2006).

• And in another appearance on the Howard Stern radio show, in response to Stern’s saying, “By the way, your daughter…” Trump responded, “She’s beautiful.” Stern added, “Can I say this? A piece of ass,” to which Trump replied, “Yeah” (Kaczynski 2016).

• To a reporter about Ivanka: “Yeah, she’s really something, and what a beauty, that one. If I weren’t happily married and, ya know, her father…” (Solotaroff 2015).

• On Fox’s Wendy Williams Show, in 2013: “Ivanka, what’s the favorite thing you have in common with your father?” Williams asked. “Either real estate or golf,” Ivanka replied. “Donald?” Williams asked Trump. “Well, I was going to say sex, but I can’t relate that to…” Trump answers, gesturing to Ivanka (Feyerick 2016).

― Bandy X Lee, The Dangerous Case of Donald Trump: 27 Psychiatrists and Mental Health Experts Assess a President. October 3, 2017. Page 186.](https://books.google.com/books?id=g0c4DwAAQBAJ&pg=PA186&dq=%22During+an+interview+with+Howard+Stern+when+Ivanka+was+twenty-two+years+old%22&hl=en&newbks=1&newbks_redir=1&sa=X)
