# August 2025 USA "Concerns List"

We the People of the United States of America 

Same page understandings and comprehensions. Concerns, priorities.

**NOTE: very very very incomplete, unedited, brain damage author**

1. Lies, deception, falsehoods are sinking the USA in year 2025. And have been for years.
2. Information systems about news and public topics need to shift towards a Wiki style system (Wikipedia as example) that has a full history of edits and revisions. Translations to multiple languages. [Example, July 4, 2025 floods in Central Texas on Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/July_2025_Central_Texas_floods). We want to be able to download the database and have independent verification that no tampering was done on who / what / when of edits and corrections. Society is drowning in "personalized" streams of *breaking news* that is fragmented and disconnected from progressive refinement and corrections. This is a systemic problem, and we as a society need to try hard to maintain a common progressively improving comprehension of facts and information.
3. We need to stop playing games with our own minds about sex. All over the world we consider choice marriage, choice of sexual partners, to be competitive based on beauty, charm, wealth ("class"), popularity, etc, etc. Even among animals, birds who sing songs and have colors, it is a competition for attention. Stop behaving as if we can't get all on the same page that it is a messy subject and people can go too far in competition for "the best" in almost any area of human life. People lie about their age to get booze in a bar or to join the military. This is documented the world over, and we know it, and we need to be more open and honest about it so we can sort out the serious problems. All people need love, and our clergy is not preaching love and compassion for all people, etc. We need to view this as a global problem and listen to people like Malala Y from Pakistan **who treats it s a global problem**. Yes, the "Epstein" files of July 2025 is part of this topic.
4. We need to stop playing games with our own mind about sex and religion. Year 632 Muhammad's Quran the life expectancy of a human person was 35 years. If you got married at age 15, your marriage would last 20 years and you are dead. In year 2025, life expectancy can be 75 years. If you get married at age 25, your marriage lasts **50 years** - which is far longer than **20 years** you got back in the year 640 or year 1750. Medical technology, improved global information (books, Internet, telephone, airports) have dramatically changed lifespans. Religion traditions of a war zone or without ambulance and hospital cannot justify "traditional sex laws" - just because they are tradition. Tradition was we didn't realize the whole world, the population in year 1775 was 0.8 billion for all the Earth, that number in July 2025 is 8.2 billion people. We need to get a grip on just how fast technology has changed human life.
5. Your individual free choices suck when you are living in a war zone. Living in Ukraine since year 2013 with the constant threat of bombs coming out of the sky (like lighting from god above, or earthquakes) at you is a terrible way to live. We need to stop acting as if we don't swim in an ocean of hate, dehumanization, greed, competitive domination, manipulation, lies, falsehood, tricks, deception, booby traps, landmines to step upon, etc. Human beings are not being good to human beings. Stop blaming individuals for being *weak and not able to cope and turning to drugs and booze and being failures* when we have a world full of over 8.2 billion people all trying to compete and trick each other with a text message giving away your bank account. Woodstock USA 1969 had a better emotional and intellectual grasp of this understanding than we have on social media in year 2025. Competitive winning of "winner takes all" is not winning for 8.2 billion people world. Carl Sagan's book ["Pale Blue Dot" from 1994](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pale_Blue_Dot_(book)) is suggested for USA society to regain perspective.
6. Pandemic. USA society, show me how many of you quoted books and education material from 1918 pandemic, Spanish flu? did your teachers in school have pandemic drills and prepare you like a fire drill or war drill? I think we fucked up. Further, [Bill Gates gave a Ted Talk in April 2015](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Af6b_wyiwI) about how we (society) were not prepared - and we don't even have the honesty to admit: "Bill Gates was right to warn us", the WHOLE WORLD was warned, and COVID-19 impacted the whole world.
7. Pandemic. USA society, I see zero concern for future. In the **early months of 2020** science did not know yet how deadly COVID-19 was going to be. You have to keep that in minds, it took time to see how many people died. The future is not an easy game. We can't assume "best case", we have to take a disease outbreak seriously as if it is "worst case" until we find out. Organizing information takes effort and time (see number 2 on this very list about using Wiki systems). And we have a lot of people making podcast profits selling bullshit off-the-cuff dialog by the minute of streaming (more minutes, more reputation and more financial income). We drowned in bullshit, and we seem worse off in being prepared for *the next pandemic*.
8. USA health care system. The Constitution of the United States of America does not say: *Love one another, love your neighbor, take care of each other*. That's a problem we are not facing up to. Dog eat dog in a world of 8.2 billion people (it was 0.8 in year 1775) doesn't work,and we all know it. We have *lived it*.
9. Information overload, stress, profit seeking of copyright. Copyright laws have a outcome many people do not consider: ideas have to be written in unique ways for the author to get credit and earn money. We keep reinventing wheels, over and over, because plagiarism and copyright concerns. We can't get on the same page because we literally avoid the same page because someone owns that well crafted expression. See number 2 on the list, Wiki style systems. We are drowning in forked variations of ideas, misunderstandings, comprehension failures. What [Neil Postman in year 1992 called "information glut"](https://www.goodreads.com/work/quotes/1511641-technopoly-the-surrender-of-culture-to-technology).
10. Fiction vs. nonfiction. If we consider nonfiction *boring and tedious*, because truth and *all on the same page understanding* is often literally *the same page*... we will [drown in comedy amusing entertaining](https://www.northjersey.com/story/opinion/columnists/2024/03/27/us-politics-2024-predicted-media-expert-neil-postman/73022583007/) fiction, Donald Trump and Surkovian Kremlin society communications as example. We need to beg each other to have a sense of priority, importance, in what we maintain in our thinking and revisits of topics. We can't just revisit our favorite topics, we the people need to revisit the unsolved problems topics that might take 500 years - beyond our individual lifespan.

&nbsp;

### Notes 

1. When I say a "Wiki style system", I do not mean that every system needs to have open access to everyone on edits and content. It can be limited to a set of authors and editors. But we should try to identify *who*, not just one single login account that a dozen people share, there should be a unique login account for each author, etc. I'm not suggesting that a politician like Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez have a "anyone in the world can edit" Wiki on her ideas / platform / proposals / legislation / etc. My emphasis is: not hiding mistakes, showing corrections and errors (be human), dealing with feedback through progressive editing and rethinking, having a consumer audience that knows to review the history of changes to a document, **long format, web of linked ideas and topics (in contrast to Twitter / Bluesky July 2025 society)**, etc.
2. Yes, I know life expectancy of 35 years is skewed by very high child / infant morality and people did live to older age. We did not have telephones and ambulances and understanding of germ theory. Further, children did not require as much education because we had not yet invented the printing press or Internet web pages in the time of classic religions. We sure didn't have recorded audio + video libraries like YouTube.
3. The [1940 Great Dictator speech](https://www.charliechaplin.com/en/articles/29-the-final-speech-from-the-great-dictator-) I have found important since year 2012. We need to shift away from humans serving technology and society and towards technology serving humans. The industrial revolution has created a lot of problems for workers. Coal miners, etc. And it isn't always the willing risk-taking people willing to die for humanity - but just the local exploited poor people who normalize bad life. In a world without war and hate, we sill need people willing to die for outer-space travels and saving the lives of others. It's the praising of murder and killing for domination over others that is a common problem of humanity.


&nbsp;

.

### see also

[Neil Postman was correct discusses making "desired changes in society lists", in June 8, 2025 subdirectory](../June8_2025/Neil_Postman_in_1985_correct.md#desired-changes-in-society-lists)

&nbsp;

.

### writing

incomplete. brain damage, broken, editing my own text is difficult. 
